Your cousin is getting married soon
He asked me to order a pair of rings
No need to check
Just wrap them up
By the way,
what you said on the night run
still counts, right?
You said you divorced Diep Tu
because of me
Why are you asking that all of a sudden?
It's nothing
My mom's birthday is in a few days
She wants to ask you
if you can attend the birthday party
Invite me?
I’ve been talking to her about you lately
She’s really interested in you
She’s asking if you’re free
to attend the party
Oh
Right
At that time
All the elites and tycoons from Jiang City
will be attending
Sure
I’m free
But I haven’t even told you the date yet
Look at you
When is Director Wen’s birthday?
The 20th
The 20th?!
I had someone check the date
The 20th of this month is an auspicious day
Our wedding
let's set it for the 20th
What’s wrong?
Sorry
Could you
please let Director Wen know
On the 20th
I might have some other plans